But...
You shouldn't have come.
The best thing you can do now is to get back to your job.
This is the best way to repay me.
Rest assured.
I promise everyone.
I'll get the flag back.
My own doubts.
I washed it myself.
Everybody listen to the reinforcements.
Don't mess with the reinforcements.
Let's get back to work.
Let's go.
Li Buyan, you think that buying disabled employees here to cause such trouble can change the fateful outcome.
Hmm, you are so naive, don t use your narrow vision to measure me.
I even despise doing such a thing.
Normal.
This may be your only trick.
That's enough, you can continue.
Hi, Mr. Lee.
Because you have no property.
Then I'll let you know.
Ms. Shi was elected as the new head of Egret International
What about the Viet Quan?
I promise.
Miss Chi.
This is Egret's order.
Only he represents the lives of those in power at Egret International.
You don't act is an overlooked conclusion.
Now I'll see what else you're capable of.